Up until this point,
we've looked at analytics as a way to answer questions that we have.
We framed the question and then we use analytics to identify the answer.
But there's another way that we can look at marketing analytics,
and that's through the experiments that we run.
Let's take AB testing for example.
This is something that we will do often as marketers.
Perhaps I want to evaluate whether a call to action makes
more sense on the left side of the page or on the right side of the page.
I would set up a test,
I would measure the results,
and I would identify the outcome.
From there, I can take action.
If the button on the left side performed better,
then I would know that it wins and we would
replace whatever we had on the page with that winning option.
We would use our analytics to identify that outcome.
You may also be working off a growth model such as high tempo testing.
In this type of growth,
you're coming up with a series of ideas,
putting them into test,
and identifying which ones win.
Again, you're setting an outcome that you hope to
happen and you're measuring on whether that outcome did happen,
or what the outcome actually was.
So we can either ask questions and look for answers,
or we can develop a hypothesis to start our research project.
Now, a hypothesis is a proposed explanation for how two variables are related.
For example, I could hypothesize that changing
that call to action improves conversions on my website.
Now, when it comes to hypothesis,
you should never phrase it as a question.
It should be written as a statement that can be rejected or confirmed.
We create and design tests.
Now, we can figure out the metrics that are necessary
to identify whether a hypothesis comes true.